# Lucid
Project goals:
1. create noise free article layout (nothing but the article and assistive data).
2. add LLM to webpage with quires (maby summery maby critic);
3. give articles layout based on different political bias(not sure how to implement maby an opposing suggested view
at the end of the article with a link)
4. Optional: adding features to 2: having at he same page apposing views with LLM generated analysis. 
5. Very far ambition : a truth Monitor, a easily accessed database that hold the records of officials and media people
opions and recorded dishonesty, (can have video, audio, court records, police record and every data publicly available
to back it up).

The goals are listed in order of importance and progression.


must do improvments (performance)
1. In HTMLExtractor and Article have methods convet_URL_to_valid_path and generatePath.
They can be in StringUtil and the regex in them made into static as in htmlDesighner.
1. add to htmlDesihgner the regex for parsing the article text and name of auther and so on
in the Extractor, addMetaData, convet_URL_to_valid_path, isValidURL_Regex methods to be static 
1. have htmlDesighner hold curl as field and call it in websitedownloader.
2. have analysis command hold a LLM obj as field 
3. have open command hold htmlextractor as field
4. add a DNS cache so websites lookup will be quecker (use local windows or whatever is simplest)
to LLM curl obj and htmlExtractor curl obj.
5. add timing breakdown to locate where is the time goint when loading a html to locate biggest bottle neck
and see if you can improve it.
6. enable HTTP/2(chat gpt offered need to understand)  somthing in curl need to check.
7. Enable commpretion(chat offered I dont understand the consequenses)  somthing in curl need to check.
goal: load command should feel instantanios (under 100 ms please see if there a tool that can mesure).

must do to extend:
Currently I can only handle sites that hve thier artical in the explicit html page, but some sites have thier artical
generated by js dynamiclly making it invisible to curl request.
After a little research i saw a few options.
1. try to find a js interperter to import into the cpp code.
2. Write a js that can extract such articals from a html i downloaded with curl.
And then call a external js interperter with that js that was writen to generate a new html page and parse that page.
3. add a browser to cpp code.
4. do 2 but with a browser(not a js interperter)
the reason for 3 or 4 is somthing called DOM that i didnt understand what it really is but basicly a js interperter will
not be able to run it and that requires a browser.
